This project is for SNHU GAM312 course starting in March. The goal is to make a survival game using Unreal Engine with C++. I have experience using Unreal but only with Blueprints, so this will be newer terrritory for me. 

Module 1
Project setup for a survival game, this week I set up player movement using c++. 
I created c++ classes for character and game base mode. This created a header file as well.
I added UProject functions for player movements. Inputs were also added in project settings.
Definitions for the functions were added in character cpp file. After creating a blueprint
for the character, I added a mesh and animation to it. I then moved the camera to a better position
at the mesh's head. After player character was compiled, I started the game, but the player did 
not spawn. The game mode was not set up correctly as it was not set to the blueprint of the 
game mode base I created. After that fix, the game played as expected. 

One of the issues I had during this process had to do with live compiling, which I disabled after
reading the announcement. Following the videos were pretty straightforward. 
After adding in comments, stepping stone 1 assignment is complete.

Module 2
Player Stats:
During this Module I added Player stats (Health, Hunger, Stamina), Resource collecting, and decals.
During the setup of Player Stats, I added a system that tracks health, hunger, and stamina. 
I had these variables be editable through blueprints as well and made a category in details panel 
under "Player Stats". There are functions that modify these values and created a timer that 
updates the values of the stats. Over time, hunger is decreased by 1 and stamina is regenerated by 10,
while health is decreased by 3 once health is depleted to 0. 

Resource Collection:
Next, I created resources for my player to collect (Wood, Stone, and Berry). I created integer 
variables for each resource and organized them using arrays to store both the names and 
resource amounts. I made a new class called Resource_M, as a generic resource for the game, and
attached a static mesh and text render to display its name, as well as properties like 
resource name, resource amount given per hit, and total resource amount. Then I created Blueprint
childs for the three resources and customized each resource value. In order to detect and collect the
resources, I used line trace from the player camera and validate the resource that is hit , and casts it
to the resource cast to retrieve its information. I added a function that gives the resource to the 
player and updates the value in the resource array based on the type. Right now, each hit reduces 
the total resource (originally 100) by the resource amount. Once the total resource hits 0, the actor 
is destroyed, displaying a debug message. 

Stamina and Decal:
Feature to make sure that player cannot collect resources unless they have enough stamina. I made player 
stamina deplete when resource is collected, and added a decal to show where player is interacting. 
When stamina is greater than 5, interaction is allowed and stamina is reduced, but no interaction
once stamina is too low. Interactions will spawn a decal at the hit location, using a material I 
created and added to player blueprint.

Issues:
The printed text at event tick was difficult to follow, so I made each stat a different color. 
I had some compilation errors from small typos like missing the plural "s" in resourcesArray. 
Since the error list can get long, I used the search feature to filter out my class files. I
created a new branch for this module to keep progress seperate and safe before merging back 
to master.
